README.md, before:

# ts-binds
ts-binds binds two different folders on your device so that both folders share the same contents

## What does it do
Derived from a very long-living trick for users who are struggling with the internal storage space available on their phones, while at the same time has the benefit of inserting an SD card, ts-binds will make use of already available functions on your device, to mirror a path to another path, effectively making both paths indistinguishable.

For example, if you mirror the `Download` folder on Internal with the `Stuff from Internet` folder on your SD Card, the same list of cat pictures will be shown on both directories when navigated via a file manager, and any changes will take effect on both paths.

## Notice
- Using this module will disable sdcardfs
- Not compatible with Huawei stock ROMs (Please report if now works on 1.0.8)
- Not compatible when device has no SD Card slot
  - Read below
- Not compatible when adoptable storage is used
  - Hey there! This is because the module expect to have an SD Card mounted. As for the moment you may use the module without an SD Card by editing /magisk/ts-binds/service.sh. Go to line 17 and read the comment. I will consider a suitable way to workaround this logic in the script.

## Links
- [**More Info and Further Reading**](https://www.technosparks.net/pages/product-documentation/ts-binds)
- [XDA Developers thread](https://forum.xda-developers.com/apps/magisk/module-ts-binds-t3628856)
- [→ DOWNLOAD ZIP](https://github.com/Magisk-Modules-Repo/ts-binds/releases) (Also available in Magisk Repo)
- [GitHub](https://github.com/Magisk-Modules-Repo/ts-binds/)
- [Changelogs](https://github.com/Magisk-Modules-Repo/ts-binds/releases)

## Changelog (2 recent versions)
### 1.0.8

**Regressions**
- Not backwards-compatible for Magisk version <15 due to template change

**Fixes**
- No longer relies on shebang /system/xbin/bash. In fact, it was stupid for me to do this back then :S
  - This will ensure greater support to different devices especially on stock ROM

**Modifications**
- Updated help snippet

### 1.0.6 & 1.0.7
**Additions**
- Disable sdcardfs by using prop entries

**Fixes**  
- Invalid path to log file in service.sh

**Modifications**  
- Magisk v14 compliant
- SD card name will not be cached anymore
- Simpler `grep`ing of SD card name
- File overwrite warning is added to `tsbinds help` for the `tsbinds move` feature
- Readme.md now points to GitHub releases to show changelogs instead of commits as changelogs

Commit message:

Use Magisk's Busybox. Warning: Hard coded

README.md, after:

# ts-binds
ts-binds binds two different folders on your device so that both folders share the same contents

## What does it do
Derived from a very long-living trick for users who are struggling with the internal storage space available on their phones, while at the same time has the benefit of inserting an SD card, ts-binds will make use of already available functions on your device, to mirror a path to another path, effectively making both paths indistinguishable.

For example, if you mirror the `Download` folder on Internal with the `Stuff from Internet` folder on your SD Card, the same list of cat pictures will be shown on both directories when navigated via a file manager, and any changes will take effect on both paths.

## Notice
- Using this module will disable sdcardfs
- Not compatible when device has no SD Card slot
  - Read below
- Not compatible when adoptable storage is used
  - Hey there! This is because the module expect to have an SD Card mounted. As for the moment you may use the module without an SD Card by editing /magisk/ts-binds/service.sh. Go to line 17 and read the comment. I will consider a suitable way to workaround this logic in the script.

## Links
- [**More Info and Further Reading**](https://www.technosparks.net/pages/product-documentation/ts-binds?from=readme)
- [XDA Developers thread](https://forum.xda-developers.com/apps/magisk/module-ts-binds-t3628856)
- [→ DOWNLOAD ZIP](https://github.com/Magisk-Modules-Repo/ts-binds/releases) (Also available in Magisk Repo)
- [GitHub](https://github.com/Magisk-Modules-Repo/ts-binds/)
- [Changelogs](https://github.com/Magisk-Modules-Repo/ts-binds/releases)

## Changelog (2 recent versions)
### 1.0.9
- Deprecated (not really) `tsbinds unbind <foldercouple>` command because changes in the kernel is not synchronised by the system
  - Some research has also been done in order to determine the through cause.

### 1.0.8

**Regressions**
- Not backwards-compatible for Magisk version <15 due to template change

**Fixes**
- No longer relies on shebang /system/xbin/bash. In fact, it was stupid for me to do this back then :S
  - This will ensure greater support to different devices especially on stock ROM

**Modifications**
- Updated help snippet
